Metafields (#1528)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/utilities/parsemetafield.md

---
gid: ec647578-6ab7-40ca-87e5-8a559eca548e

> title: parseMetafields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: parseMetafield
```

> description: parseMetafields creates a new metafield object with a value that has been parsed according to the metafield type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The parseMetafield utility creates a new metafield object with a value that has been parsed according to the metafield type.
```

---

> `parseMetafields` creates a new metafield object with a value that has been parsed according to the metafield type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `parseMetafields` utility creates a new metafield object with a value that has been parsed according to the metafield type.
```

## Example code

```tsx
import {useParsedMetafields, Metafield} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

export function Product(product) {
  const metafield = parseMetafield(product.metafield);

  return (
    <div>
      {metafield.value}
    </div>
  );
}
```

> If necessary, you can wrap `parseMetafield` in `useMemo()` to maintain a stable object identity across renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also wrap `parseMetafield` in `useMemo()` to maintain a stable object identity across renders.
```

```tsx
import {useMemo} from 'react'

> import {useParsedMetafields, Metafield} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {parseMetafield, Metafield} from '@shopify/hydrogen';
```
